Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(LIGHT HUMMING)
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
(SKYPE RINGING)
(COMPUTER CHIMES)
PAUL: Hey. kiddo.
MARTIN: Hey. Dad.
Are you coming home soon?
Yeah. uh. in an hour or so.
What's up? Where's Mom?
I don't think she's feeling good.
I know.
Don't worry. I'm working on
getting her better. okay?
It's just...
She's been talking to herself.
Listen.
I will be home with you very soon.
and I am gonna get Mom better. I promise.
Okay.
- I'll see you soon. buddy.
- See you soon.
(COMPUTER CHIMES)
(SIGHS)
You want anyone on overtime?
No. I got to. uh...
I gotta...
Just go ahead and close up.
Okay.
(GASPING)
Very least. maybe you could get her to
stop locking herself in the closet. okay?
Right. So. we don't call it
an intervention. we call it a...
Paul?
I saw something.
This thing is really starting
to take its toll on him.
- Paul!
- One second. please.
What?
There was something in the back room.
What do you mean. "Something?"
Uh. I don't know.
It disappeared.
Esther. I really gotta
deal with this. so...
Just go home. okay?
Be careful on your way out. okay?
Okay. so I'll be home in about.
uh. an hour.
Okay.
Yeah. Bye.
(SIGHS)
(OBJECT CLATTERS IN DISTANCE)
Esther?
(BONES CRACKING)
(GASPS)
Okay.
(PANTING)
(GROANS)
(CREATURE BREATHES HEAVILY)
(CREATURE MUMBLING INCOHERENTLY)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
Oh. no. no. no.
Come on!
(DOORKNOB RATTLING)
(DOOR CREAKING)
(SCREAMS)
(THUDS)
(HEAVY METAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Hey.
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
What are the chances we go again?
- Um... Slim to none.
- Hmm.
About that.
- No?
- No.
I'm gonna go take a shower.
Oh. yeah? Maybe I'll join you.
You'll smell like girly soap.
(CHUCKLES)
(SHOWER STOPS)
(SIGHS)
(BREATHING DEEPLY)
(BRET SNORING)
Hey.
- Marathon man.
- I'm up.
Don't think you're staying.
Becca.
- Just one night?
- Nope.
You're gonna kick me out
in the middle of the night.
You're gonna be okay. You're not a puppy.
I thought I was your boyfriend.
"Boyfriend?"
(SCOFFS) Who said anything
about "boyfriend"?
Uh. you're a guy.
the only guy that I've been seeing.
It's been eight months.
Really? Eight months?
- Eight months.
- Wow!
- That officially puts you in first place.
- (CHUCKLES)
How about I keep a pair of jeans here?
Nope.
Uh. a sock?
I mean. just one sock. of course.
What are you gonna do with just one sock?
Is that a yes?
No! Get out of here. I have work tomorrow.
Not like having a sock here
means you can't get rid of me.
Socks are not anchors.
Okay. I'm gonna see you
tomorrow night at that gig.
Can we just agree to that. please?
Yeah. all right.
Are you still there?
(EXHALING)
I'll see you tomorrow.
You know. one of these nights.
you could let me...
Love you. too.
(CARS HONKING)
REBECCA: Hey. sexy.
I like you.
A lot.
Is that all?
No.
There is one more thing.
(CHUCKLES)
So close.
(MUFFLED CONVERSATION)
Mom?
(CONVERSATION CONTINUES)
(FLOORBOARDS CREAKING)
Mom?
SOPHIE: I just don't know
what to do about it.
(CHUCKLES) I'm so sorry...
(STUTTERS) I really don't.
Mom?
Hey. Martin. what's up?
You okay?
Yeah. I will be. just gonna take a bit.
Did we wake you?
- What?
- Hey.
You gotta go back to bed. sweetie.
The only ones that should be wandering
the halls at this hour are grownups.
(FLOORBOARDS CREAKING)
(LIGHT RATTLING)
(CREAKING NOISE)
Good night. Martin.
(GASPS)
(PANTING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(FLOORBOARDS CREAKING)
(HEAVY FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(SCRATCHING)
(BANGING ON DOOR)
- (ELECTRICITY CRACKLES)
- (GASPS)
- (SCRATCHING CONTINUES)
- (BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SCHOOL BELL RINGS)
(LINE RINGING)
NURSE: She isn't answering.
Hey. Martin?
Is there someone else we can call for you?
BRET: It's just...
I didn't know you had a brother.
Yeah.
Are you Rebecca?
Uh. yeah.
I'm Emma. I'm with Child Services.
I was assigned to Martin
after your father died last...
Stepfather.
- Excuse me?
- He was my stepfather.
My dad ran off when I was 10.
and did not come back.
If we could just talk
about Martin for a minute?
How is he when he's at home?
Is he sleeping?
I wouldn't know. I don't live there.
So. it's just
your mother in the house. then?
Yeah.
How is she holding up?
Um. well. she's taking
her antidepressants.
if that's what you're asking.
Okay. and how bad is it?
This depression?
I'm sorry. is Martin okay?
'Cause you're grilling me like
he has a black eye or something.
He fell asleep in home room this morning.
For the third time in the past week.
Okay. excuse me.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Hey.
You showed up.
Yeah.
(SIGHING) I didn't know if you would.
Okay.
Uh. where's Mom?
(SIGHS)
Martin. I know you and your mother
are going through a lot.
And it's harder for you
because you can't talk to Mom about it.
Maybe you even tried to help her?
If you ever wanna talk about it.
I'm here. okay?
This is why you left.
Isn't it?
Uh. no. my deal
was a lot more complicated.
Okay.
Let's go. I'll get you home.
Your home?
Or Mom's?
Where you live.
(SIGHS) Hey.
You're gonna be okay.
Come on.
He'll be fine.
Okay.
- We'll be in touch.
- Uh-huh.
Here we are.
You should let me stay at your place.
Just for a night.
Good luck with that one. buddy.
Um. you know what?
I do not think you're
really gonna like it there.
'Cause I have these weird.
kind of. scary posters on the wall.
I just need sleep.
We can talk about it. Yeah?
Any tips for the moms?
Uh. you are not coming in.
Come on. why not?
Because she's crazy.
Mom goes through phases like this.
Just give her time.
Has she been social with anyone?
Someone keeps on coming over.
Good. Who?
Diana.
What did you say?
Her name is Diana.
Hey. I know what you're going through.
because Mom did the same thing to me
when my dad left.
And I had really bad dreams about Diana.
But that's all that they are. okay?
Because she isn't real.
Becca. hi.
Hi. Mom.
What are you doing home. little mister?
She'll tell you.
He hasn't been sleeping.
Well. can you blame him?
Paul was everything to us.
Nearly everything.
Have you been seeing a therapist. Mom?
I am not gonna go to a stranger
to talk about my problems.
I've gone through that before.
You remember?
Yeah. I do remember.
How long have you been off your meds?
Excuse me?
Yeah.
(DOOR CREAKING)
- (GASPS)
- (DIANA HISSES)
Do you think I wanted
any of this to happen to me?
What about Martin?
Have you thought about him?
Are you really gonna
play the bad mother card with me?
You. of all people. huh?
Do you know what it's like
to raise him without a father?
Look how you turned out.
(SOPHIE BREATHES HEAVILY)
I'm gonna give you a few days.
And. until you stop
being completely manic.
- I'm gonna have Martin staying with me.
- Mmm-mmm.
- Yeah. it's what's gonna happen. Mom.
And you can call me
when you're feeling better.
- Pack your bags.
- No. no. no.
I'm ready.
Martin. no. no. no.
(SOBBING) Martin. please. please. please.
- You planned this. didn't you?
- Let's go.
You planned this.
We didn't plan anything. Mom.
MARTIN: I'll be back as soon as I can.
Remember to take your vitamins.
Rebecca.
- What's going on?
- We're going home.
No. no. no.
- (SOBBING) Rebecca. please!
- (ENGINE TURNING OVER)
MARTIN: I'm sorry. Mom.
(CONTINUES SOBBING)
Okay. Here we are.
You can take the bed.
Or the couch. if you want.
No.
This is good.
Okay.
Cool.
(GROANS) My God.
This your idea?
What do you mean?
- Bringing the kid here?
- Yeah. he's not safe there.
So. you call the lady at the school.
That's what CPS is for.
Exactly this.
- He's my brother.
- And she's his mother.
So?
Are you doing this to help him
or to hurt her?
You should leave now.
I know it's a little past dinner time.
so we can call this a midnight snack.
(CHUCKLES) Do you want crust or no crust?
Um. yeah. crust is fine.
Can you make them triangles?
Yeah. You're just like your big sister.
I used to love that.
All righty.
There we go.
Okay.
That's good. it's not even... Oh!
- Ow!
- (CHUCKLES) Sorry.
You had a knot.
Rebecca?
Yeah?
If Mom's crazy.
does it mean we're crazy. too?
No.
(SCRATCHING NOISE)
Martin?
Hey.
- What are you doing down there?
- (SCRATCHING)
You have to turn the light switch...
(SCRATCHING CONTINUES)
(GASPS)
(SCREAMING)
(GRUNTS)
(REBECCA WHIMPERING)
(SOBS)
(EXHALES)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(SIGHS)
(KNOCKING)
Did you take Martin?
- Uh... What?
- MARTIN: Who is it?
You can't do this.
She's unstable.
It's not a safe environment for him.
- Where is he?
- He's in there getting dressed for school.
Look. think about what you wanna do.
Yeah. I did. and I brought him here.
I'm not talking about
some knee-jerk reaction.
He can't stay here.
Sure he can.
Not with... Rebecca. come on.
You know why I'm here? She called me.
So. Child Services takes
orders from nutjobs now?
I stopped by. in person.
to make sure she was lucid.
And she was.
But. you know what?
That's not how this works.
Why not?
Sophie's his birth mother.
His legal guardian.
To get Martin from her custody
requires you to file charges against her.
Take her to court.
Now. that's a long. painful process.
And that's only the first half.
To keep Martin from being
placed in foster care
requires you to prove yourself
and your home as an appropriate surrogate.
That's two major choices for you to make.
Declaring war on your mother
and transforming yourself into
a responsible guardian for him.
You ready to do that?
- I can be a responsible guardian.
- (SCOFFS)
It's okay.
I got some sleep.
I'll do better tonight.
(SCRATCHING NOISE)
(PAPER RUSTLES)
(PEN SCRATCHING PAPER)
(SCRATCHING CONTINUES)
(GASPS)
Hey.
I got your text. What's up?
Can you take me to my mom's?
- Really? Gonna do this whole thing again?
- Hey!
What? No.
I'll tell you about it in the car.
What are you doing?
Don't you think
we should talk about last night?
What?
About how you kicked me out
for being honest with you?
Oh. um...
Yeah. (SPUTTERS) I'm sorry.
You were right.
I was using Martin to get to Mom.
Thank you for pointing that out.
- Can we...
- Whoa. whoa.
You should apologize to Martin.
Not like that. but you should
still apologize to the kid.
I need to find out about Diana.
The bitch is real.
Wait. Who's Diana?
- (BELL RINGING)
- REBECCA: Mom?
All right. what are we looking for?
You're looking for Mom.
If you see her.
we hit the back door. Got it?
Got it.
(DOOR CREAKS)
(KEYS JANGLE)
(CREAKING)
(DOCTOR CLEARS THROAT)
Patient 283 admitted October 6. 1984.
The patient suffers
from a unique skin disorder
that manifests itself
in an extreme sensitivity to light.
Uh. patient's stay here
has been very problematic.
She has a history of violence and...
Lately. she's been obsessed
with one
of the patients
in the heliotherapy ward.
a young girl named Sophie.
Oh. bring her in.
Keep her restraints on. Thank you.
Hello. Diana.
DIANA: Keep the lights out.
DOCTOR: I hear you've been very bad again.
Diana. I want you
to stay away from Sophie.
DIANA: She's my friend.
DOCTOR: Then why did you hurt her?
DIANA: She was getting better.
- DOCTOR: Session 13 now.
- (DIANA GROANING)
Patient's skin condition is worsening.
Uh. we're preparing an experimental...
- Hold her down!
- DIANA: Please!
DOCTOR: Using full dosage now. 1200 watts.
(DIANA SCREAMING)
(DIANA SHRIEKS)
DOCTOR: Shut it off! Now!
- (SCRATCHING NOISE)
- Jesus...
(SCRATCHING NOISE IN DISTANCE)
(SWITCH CLICKS)
(CREAKING)
- (GASPS)
- (LOCK CLICKS)
Bret!
DIANA: (HOARSELY) Stay away.
Stay away. Becca.
I won't be sent away again.
(SCREAMING)
- You okay? What happened?
- (WHIMPERS)
We gotta go. okay? Your mom's here.
We gotta go.
Slow down. slow down. slow down.
Oh. shit.
- Oh. God.
- Talk to me. What happened up there?
I don't know.
I was attacked.
Yeah. by what?
I don't know. I can't explain it.
What's all this for?
Proof. It's proof.
SOPHIE: I know. I'm just saying
you can talk about
your sister to me. okay?
She's fine.
Did you take your vitamins?
Oh... (CHUCKLES)
I am feeling a little better.
But. listen. bud.
I know I've been a little distant lately.
and I really wanna fix that.
How about
a popcorn and movie night tonight?
Yes. please.
Good. I think a little personal time
is just what we need.
All three of us.
- Mom?
- Huh?
How about just you and me tonight?
Okay?
We'll see.
AUNTIE MAME: Child. how can
you see with all that light?
Ah. now. that's better.
Now be an angel
and run along to Ito
and tell him to bring me
a very light breakfast.
How you doing down there?
I'm fine. How are you?
I'm gonna be fine.
I am.
I miss your dad.
He made me feel strong.
He made me feel protected
and I think I need to feel
those things sometimes. you know?
I think you do. too.
I'm okay.
Rebecca's strong.
(SCOFFS)
Uh. Rebecca acts like she's strong.
and she is sometimes.
but. let me tell you.
when things got tough.
she abandoned me.
And I don't want that to happen to you.
Sometimes the strongest thing to do
is just to face your fears.
That's what Emma told me.
Yeah.
I think you might be right.
I'll be back.
(GASPS) Mom?
Hey. it's all right. It's okay. love.
- Mom. what are you doing?
- It's all right.
Look at me. trust me. okay?
I'm gonna tell you a story.
- Mom. please. please.
- (SHUSHING)
Baby.
It was a long time ago.
and I had a friend named Diana.
She was so different.
So special.
Look at me.
And later. I found out something
really bad happened to her.
But the news...
The news had it wrong. you see.
And she was still there.
And she finally came back.
(SOBS) Mom. please... Please. let go.
No. listen to me. See...
See. I left her alone for so many years.
I abandoned her.
But now. she's going to stay. okay?
As long as I keep my head clear
and you keep the lights out.
No!
SOPHIE: Martin!
Martin. don't turn on the lights!
Diana doesn't know any better.
- (DIANA ROARS)
- No. Diana!
SOPHIE: (GROANS) Diana!
He doesn't understand!
He didn't mean it!
- (PANTING)
- Martin. she didn't mean it.
(SOBS)
Please. don't do this.
Wait. So your mom
was in a mental institution
when she was younger?
Yeah.
Yeah. looks that way.
You just never talked about it. is all.
Neither did she.
I guess it's not really
something that you talk about.
Yeah. well. how about I just listen?
Because I still don't know who Diana is.
- She's...
- (KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(PANTING)
It's getting worse.
(BRET SIGHS)
We need to go shopping. babe.
Right. Um...
Can you run to the store?
Okay. Copy that.
See you. bud.
Hey.
You wanna talk about it now?
I know you don't believe me.
but Diana is real.
- She touched my hair.
- Hey. hey. hey!
Listen to me.
I'm gonna tell you something
that nobody ever told me.
I believe you.
I don't know what she is.
She doesn't like the light.
Okay.
Come with me.
So. it turns out that your dad
was doing a lot of research
into Mom and Diana's past.
Diana was found in a basement.
locked away when she was 13 years old.
And her father had killed himself.
She had a very strange skin disorder.
There were stories about her.
People used to say that she was evil
and that she could
get inside people's heads.
change them.
She was taken
to Mulberry Hill Psychiatric Hospital.
where she met Mom.
And I think that
she got inside Mom's head
and made her think that they were friends.
But they weren't?
No.
Diana only comes around
when Mom is at her worst.
I went through it too
when I was your age.
When your dad left?
Yeah.
So. what happened with Diana?
The doctors tried
an experimental treatment on her
and something went wrong.
And she died.
But. if she's dead.
how could she be doing this to us?
(SIGHS)
I don't know.
But. I think that Mom is the only
connection Diana has to this world.
You know. I think if
we can get Mom better.
get her mind strong again.
then we can maybe break that connection.
No.
Diana won't let that happen.
Why do you say that?
Because that's what
my dad was trying to do.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(SIGHS) Okay. It's the food.
Hey.
Bret?
(HEAVY FOOTSTEPS THUDDING)
Stay there.
(SCRATCHING NOISE)
(SCRATCHING CONTINUES)
(SWITCH CLICKS)
- (DIANA SCREAMS)
- Rebecca!
(REBECCA GRUNTING)
Oh. God. (WHIMPERS)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Mom. we need to talk.
What?
Can you tell us about Diana?
What are you talking about?
Your friend.
Diana.
Martin said that
she was here an hour ago.
Yes. She's my friend.
Is this your friend. Diana?
Is this her?
Where did you get this?
Answer my question.
No. you answer mine.
You met Diana at Mulberry Hill
when you were taken there
for your depression.
Am I right?
- What does it matter when we met?
- Am I right?
What does it matter when we met?
Because she died.
She died a year after this photo.
That's a lie.
I don't know what you're saying.
It's the truth. Mom. It's the truth.
Stop. Okay. I understand.
You are trying to
take him away from me again.
You're trying to take my son
away from me again.
so you're making up these wild stories.
I found her obituary. Mom.
Explain that!
Those things can be faked!
They can be faked!
You sound crazy. Listen to her.
I know. this all sounds a little crazy.
There is a dead woman in this house
and you let her in. Mom.
You let her stay.
I know. I see.
I get it. You came because you feel bad
about leaving me.
Am I right?
I didn't hear from you.
You didn't come see me like most people.
Do you know how much that hurt me?
And now. as it turns out.
I've been shutting Diana out
the same way. all this time.
And I am not gonna be a kind of person
that does that to a friend.
A friend?
Mom.
we're talking about a dead person.
Oh...
Sweetie.
ghosts aren't real.
Then what is she?
(REBECCA SIGHS)
You can sleep over
at my place again tonight.
I'll call CPS in the morning.
No.
What do you mean. "no"?
Look. I know you've been
gone a long time.
but she's our mom.
She needs us now more than ever.
Hey.
I'm not here for her.
I'm here for you.
You're my priority.
I can't just leave her.
Okay.
But it's not safe here.
It's not safe anywhere.
(REBECCA SIGHS)
How long does she usually
stay up in her room at night?
Mom?
She doesn't usually
come out again until morning.
REBECCA: Okay. first priority.
we put in some safeguards.
(DOG BARKING)
Bret and I are gonna be
on the couch downstairs.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Do you want your door open or closed?
Closed.
Wait.
Can you. uh...
Can you sleep in here tonight?
Sure.
I just have to go tell Bret.
I'll be right back.
You don't have to stay. you know.
I know.
Martin wants me to sleep
up in his room tonight.
Yeah.
He needs you more than I do right now.
(SIGHS) Yeah.
Are you still gonna stay?
Unless you say otherwise.
yeah.
(CHUCKLES) Gonna be kind of hard
sleeping with all these lights on.
(REBECCA CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
You must think we're all crazy.
You know.
I don't think that.
Thank you.
You can be this way around me.
I'm not going anywhere.
Bottom drawer.
What?
The. um...
The bottom drawer.
In the dresser.
I will clean it out for you.
- Seriously?
- Mmm... Uh...
- Maybe.
- (BOTH CHUCKLE)
Okay. Good night.
Good night.
(SIGHS)
Mom?
Uh. we're staying overnight.
Okay. I'll see you in the morning.
Love you.
(STUTTERS) You're staying?
Yeah.
Good.
Um. I was...
I would like. maybe. tomorrow morning.
to start over. if that's okay with you.
Yeah.
Of course.
Did you ever hear from Dad?
Letters or...
No.
I'm sorry.
I wish I had. I really wish you had.
I know you blame me.
and I don't blame you for...
No. I don't.
It was his choice to leave. not yours.
(SNIFFLES)
(BOTH SIGHING)
Okay.
Oh. shit.
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
Rebecca?
Yeah?
Did you find her medicine?
No.
But we'll figure something out.
You think so?
Yeah. bud.
We'll make sure she gets better.
(SOFTLY) Okay.
Get some sleep.
(GASPS)
Shit.
(WHIRRING)
Come on.
Bret.
Bret!
Shit.
(DOOR OPENS)
(REBECCA SIGHS)
REBECCA: Shit.
(WHIRRING)
(GRUNTS SOFTLY) Come on.
(GASPS) Rebecca!
(PANTING)
Rebecca?
(SCRATCHING NOISE)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
- (DIANA EXCLAIMS)
- (GROANS)
(SHRIEKING)
(DIANA HISSING)
- Come on. (GASPS)
- (DOOR OPENS)
- What are you doing?
- Don't leave me again.
- Okay.
Ever!
Hey. all right.
Nothing's working.
What else could it be?
A trap.
No!
Hey!
Help!
Help! Bret!
Let us out!
(DOORKNOB RATTLING)
(MUFFLED BANGING)
Becks?
- REBECCA: Let us out!
- Becks!
Bret!
Bret. we're down here!
All right. Becks. hold on.
Mrs. Wells?
No! No! Bret!
- REBECCA: Bret!
- Mrs. Wells?
Stay in the light. Bret!
Bret!
All right. Becks. hold on.
- (GRUNTS)
- (DIANA SCREECHES)
Ah! (GROANS)
(DIANA SHRIEKS)
Okay.
- (DIANA SCREAMS)
- (BRET GROANS)
(CELL PHONE SHATTERS)
No! Bret!
Bret? Bret. come here!
(BRET PANTING)
- (DIANA SHRIEKS)
- (GROANING)
- (CAR UNLOCKS)
- (GROANS)
- (SOBBING)
- (CAR STARTING)
Is he leaving?
No.
No. no. he wouldn't do that.
You did.
No! Come on!
That one doesn't last long.
We need to find more light.
Rebecca?
Hello?
Martin?
Diana. where are you?
(DIANA WHISPERING INCOHERENTLY)
I told you not to hurt my children.
They don't know any better.
(DIANA WHISPERING INCOHERENTLY)
Do not threaten me. Diana.
- (DIANA SCREECHING)
- (WHIMPERS)
(ECHOING) No. you need me. Diana!
There's no you without me.
(DIANA WHISPERING)
Something that I should have never...
(SOPHIE GROANS)
How long are we gonna be in here?
I don't know.
MARTIN: There's no windows.
Yeah.
(SIGHS) I'm working on a plan.
I'm not much help to you.
Hey.
You're doing great. Okay?
Keep looking through that box.
Um...
I found a flashlight.
Or something.
It's a black light.
Still got some juice.
Wait. Where are you going?
To take inventory.
Keep feeding the fire.
(GASPS)
(CHUCKLES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
- (OBJECT CLATTERS)
- (SCREAMS)
Oh. God.
(EXHALING SHARPLY)
(SCREAMS)
Oh. my God.
(WHISPERS) "Just like in the hospital. "
(GASPS)
(SOFTLY) "Trapped down here... "
Holy shit!
"Take Sophie away from me. "
"Forget Diana."
(GASPING)
(SHRIEKING)
(WHIRRING)
Let's go!
I saw her.
She doesn't disappear in this light.
So?
So. if we can see her.
at least we know where she is.
And maybe we can even hurt her with this.
(FOOTSTEPS THUDDING)
(CLANG)
(BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY)
What now?
Mom!
- Mom!
REBECCA: Mom!
MARTIN: Mom!
(MUFFLED SCREAMING CONTINUES)
Are we gonna die?
No.
We're fighters.
Do you hear me? We're fighters.
(SIREN WAILING)
She's in there.
my girlfriend and her family.
Sir. get back in your vehicle.
You need to get to a hospital.
- You need flashlights.
- Get back in your car. Okay?
Unit 81. we're at the Marigold house.
Power grid is out. over.
(DOOR KNOCKS AND CREAKS)
OFFICER ANDREWS: LAPD.
Anyone home?
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
Hello?
OFFICER GOMEZ: LAPD. We're responding
to the domestic disturbance.
We're here!
We're down here!
Help!
(GRUNTS)
- (MUFFLED THUD)
- (GASPS)
SOPHIE: Diana!
If you hurt my kids.
we are never speaking again!
- (DIANA HISSES)
- REBECCA: Keep the light on us!
OFFICER ANDREWS: Ma'am?
Show yourself.
(GROANS)
Back off!
(DIANA SCREAMING)
(SQUELCHES)
Andrews?
Oh. my God.
Oh. God.
Unit 99. Get me backup. Officer down.
- (INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
- (FLOORBOARDS CREAKING)
Here. take this.
You won't see her otherwise.
- Take it!
- Stay back.
Take it! (GRUNTS)
- We have to go.
- No. we have to get Mom!
- No. we gotta go!
- No. we're not leaving without Mom!
Okay. I'll get her. I promise! Come on!
Right now!
(DIANA WHISPERING)
(SCREAMS)
(MUTTERING)
Becks!
Go! Go!
Hey. come here. buddy.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
- Get him out of here.
- No!
- Let go of me!
- I gotcha.
Rebecca!
I'm going to get Mom!
Okay.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Mom?
(FLOORBOARDS CREAKING)
REBECCA: Mom?
DIANA: (HOARSELY) Stay away.
Or I'll show you where I put your father.
(WHIMPERS)
(SCREAMING)
(SIZZLING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(SCREAMS)
(SHRIEKING)
(REBECCA GROANS)
(GROWLING)
I told you!
Don't hurt my kids.
Mom. she killed Dad!
DIANA: That won't hurt me.
This will.
There is no you without me.
No! Mom. what are you doing?
Saving your lives.
(DIANA SHRIEKS)
(GUN FIRES)
(SCREAMS) No!
(BAWLING)
Mom!
I'm here. bud. I got you.
(REBECCA WAILING)
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
Here you go.
You came back.
Of course.
So did you.
Yeah.
No more running away.
(SIGHS)
We're here to stay.
- (LIGHT HUMMING)
- (CAR ENGINE STARTING)
Hey. it's okay.
It's nothing.
I got you guys. all right?
Yeah. We're never going away.
Come here.
(SIREN WAILING)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org